[ADD] Website: Structure blocks documentation (#7954)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/websites/website/web_design/building_blocks/structure.rst

   :alt: Structure blocks available in the website configurator.
   :scale: 75%

Banner block
------------

The :guilabel:`Banner` block combines a title, text, images, and a call to action, making it
suitable for placement at the top of your website. To use it, click :guilabel:`Edit` and drag and
drop it to your web page.

.. image:: structure/banner-block.png
   :alt: Dragging and dropping the banner block

.. note::
   A default background image and content are displayed when adding the :guilabel:`Banner` block
   onto your web page and can be edited by going to the :guilabel:`Customize` tab in the website
   configurator.

   .. image:: structure/default-image-content.png
      :alt: Default background image and content
      :scale: 75%

Call to action
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The :guilabel:`Call to Action` button encourages visitors to take a specific action, for example, to
consult your shop, download your eBook, or make an appointment in order to boost your sales.

.. image:: structure/call-to-action.png
   :alt: The Call to Action button encourages visitors to take a specific action.

To customize the :guilabel:`Call to Action` button, select it and click the :guilabel:`Edit Link`

> icon. New features appear in the :guilabel:`Inline Text` section of the website configurator. Add

Author: updated :)

================
Structure blocks
================

The website configurator provides a range of :guilabel:`Structure` :doc:`building blocks <../building_blocks>`
to design your website's layout, including elements like headings, images, and text.

To add a block to your web page, click :guilabel:`Edit`, select a block from the
:guilabel:`Structure` section, and drag and drop it to your website.

.. image:: structure/structure-blocks.png
   :alt: Drag and drop a block from the structure section.

>    :scale: 75%

Reviewer: Why are you scaling all your images?

Author: It's a tip I got from Loredana, so that we don't lose quality and the images don't take up too much space on screen.

Reviewer: I would suggest using fewer screenshots, reducing their resolution, or hiding them behind a spoiler box (a new idea I got recently)

This documentation presents the :ref:`Banner <structure/banner>` and :ref:`Masonry

> <structure/masonry>` building blocks.

Author: It's a deliberate choice to present only these two blocks, which interest users and avoid an excessively long page. If necessary, we can add to this page as we go along.

.. _structure/banner:

Banner block
------------

> The :guilabel:`Banner` block combines a title, text, images, and a call to action, making it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :guilabel:`Banner` block combines a title, text, images, and a call to action button, making it
```

suitable for placement at the top of your website.

> A default background image and content are displayed when adding the :guilabel:`Banner` block onto

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A default background image and content are displayed when adding the :guilabel:`Banner` block to
```

That's Grammarly, but sounds better to me too :)

your web page. They can be edited by going to the :guilabel:`Customize` tab in the website
configurator.

   .. image:: structure/default-image-content.png
      :alt: Default background image and content.

Call to action
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> The :guilabel:`Call to Action` button encourages visitors to take a specific action, for example, to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The call to action button encourages visitors to take a specific action, for example, to
```
Not visible on screen, I believe, so no guilabel. You can bold it though

> consult your shop, download your eBook, or make an appointment in order to boost your sales.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
consult your shop, download your eBook, or make an appointment.
```
not necessary

.. image:: structure/call-to-action.png
   :alt: The Call to Action button encourages visitors to take a specific action.
   :scale: 75%

> To customize the :guilabel:`Call to Action` button, select it and click the :guilabel:`Edit Link`
> icon. Additional features appear in the :guilabel:`Inline Text` section of the website configurator.
> Add the link to the page you want to redirect to and customize the button according to your needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To change the call to action's link, select it and click the :guilabel:`Edit Link`
icon. Additional customization options are available in the :guilabel:`Inline Text` section.
```
Could be shortened

.. image:: structure/inline-text.png
   :alt: Configure the Call to Action button.
   :scale: 75%

.. _structure/masonry:

Masonry block
-------------

> The :guilabel:`Masonry` building block offers a range of templates to create a unique website style.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :guilabel:`Masonry` building block offers a range of templates to create a unique website style.
```
This doesn't describe what the block is about. You could say something like "The masonry block associates image and text "bricks" in various combinations".
But "to create a unique website style." should be removed (no marketing BS here)

To change the template, go to the :guilabel:`Customize` tab and click the down arrow next to the
image in the :guilabel:`Template` section.

.. image:: structure/masonry-template.png
   :alt: Select a template
   :scale: 75%

> The :guilabel:`Masonry` building block allows you to **add text to your image**. To do so, go to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add text anywhere on the building block, go to the
```
Not only on images. Also, why only mention text? you can add images and buttons.

Author: It's the only block that allows to superimpose text to image. That's why it might be useful to clearly mention it.

> :guilabel:`Customize` tab, scroll to :guilabel:`Add Elements`, and choose :guilabel:`Text`. A text
> box you can move wherever you want is now available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`Customize` tab, scroll to :guilabel:`Add Elements`, and choose :guilabel:`Text`. 
```
